hey guys I'm so excited to be filming
today because I put on my Christmas tree
and I get to film with it in the
background of my videos and I think it
looks so pretty and it makes me really
happy
but anyways I have a Christmas gift
ideas for him video which could be ideas
for something to get your brother or
your boyfriend or friend or your dad or
whoever he is you can get some ideas
from this video and I hope it helps you
I'm just going to start in no particular
order with just different gift ideas
that you could get whoever it is that
you're buying for so the first thing
that I think would be an awesome
Christmas gift idea it would be to get
whoever this is Cologne I think it is
like a foolproof gift unless they're
like allergic to pallone then that's
pretty bad but I have bought Jesse
Cologne in the past and he loved it I
would definitely suggest asking him what
types of Cologne who likes though
because there's so many different types
but yeah my next idea is to get him
headphones or earbuds because pretty
much everybody listens to music or they
use them to like talk on the phone or
something so my dad's earbuds just broke
recently so this is really good timing
I'm going to give him these B's classics
eleven earbuds and these are like a
really sophisticated design which is why
I think it would be great for a dad or
father figure whoever you think might
suit like a more sophisticated style and
these are like a wood design and I'm
pretty sure they're actually made of
wood which is apparently supposed to be
better for acoustics so they actually
sound really nice I have tested them out
just to make sure that they had shoe
worked and that brand means they do also
have like different types of headphones
but they're all like that wooden kind of
design so I'll leave it in the
description box and I'm also going to
try to find links to everything else
that I mentioned in the description box
but I want to find them from Amazon
because I want to mention to you guys
that there's a way to help pay for your
Christmas gifts and that's their opinion
outpost and Opinion Outpost I heard up
from Gigi on the Gigi gorgeous her
YouTube channel and I started using that
time ago and then I kind of stopped and
I recently just got back into it and if
you don't know what it is you basically
just start a profile and then you can
take surveys because there's marketers
that need to do research and you can get
points for doing surveys and then you
can redeem it for either cash from
PayPal or you can get like $5 off your
Amazon purchase which is why I'd like to
show you guys different links from that
so you can check it out and hopefully
help pay for your Christmas gifts and I
currently have 51 points on Opinion
Outpost and 50 points gets you five
dollars off on amazon.com and then
there's a bunch of other ways to redeem
cash through PayPal and it really
doesn't take long at all and that's why
I'm telling you guys because it's a
really really cool website and I'm
definitely using it for Christmas
because I already have five dollars off
so that's awesome and you can find
pretty much anything on Amazon so my
next Christmas gift idea is to get him a
video game so either for Xbox or ps4 or
the Wii or something like that that is
if you ever want to like hear from him
again or see him again
because if you do that you're probably
not going to but you kind of can't go
wrong with a video game I've gotten
Jesse tons of video games and he really
really likes them so yeah you could also
give him a duffel bag or a backpack I
have given Jesse a Herschel duffel bag
in the past and he really likes it I've
seen them pretty much everywhere because
of the designs are really nice and
pretty much everybody likes them now I
just wanted to quickly mention a few
stocking stuffer ideas because sometimes
those are like the hardest ones to come
up with so my first idea is to get him a
portable power bank and this is the one
I've been using this is the ravpower
Bank and they come in a bunch of
different colors and I know you can get
them in like square shapes but I love
this it's especially great for people
who are going to university because they
might be there like all day and then
their phone will die maybe they have to
go to work or something and this is just
great to have in your backpack because
it will fully charge your phone like
probably more than once so I think it's
a great stocking stuffer idea and you
can get them for
- and a few other stocking stuffer ideas
would be to throw in a cool pack of
playing cards because I know so many
guys like to play poker or just any type
of card game and maybe find something
like that he really likes on them or
just a really cool design or something a
little unique and if you're old enough
to buy lottery tickets go ahead and
throw some of those in there because I
don't know of anybody who would not like
that and if it's super cold where you
live you can always throw in like a nice
toque
or a scarf or something just nice and
cozy so I hope you guys found this video
helpful I will leave a bunch of links in
the description box for Opinion Outpost
and all of the things that I mentioned
and I'll try to find links from Amazon
so if you do actually try Opinion
Outpost so you can use your points to
actually buy your gifts or help buy your
gifts and that's definitely what i'm
gonna be doing so I hope you guys like
this video and I'll see you next time
bye
[Music]